c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeMenu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeMenu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MultiplePlayerMenu.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MultiplePlayerMenu.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SettingsMenu.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SettingsMenu.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MazeMenu.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\UserControl\MazeGrid.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Views\MazeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Views\MultiplePlayerMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Views\SinglePlayer.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeMenu_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MazeMenu_MarkupCompile.lref
